`azurerm_subscription_cost_management_scheduled_action` - New resource (#21325)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/subscription_cost_management_scheduled_action.html.markdown

description: |-
  Manages an Azure Cost Management Scheduled Action for a Subscription.
---

# azurerm_subscription_cost_management_scheduled_action

Manages an Azure Cost Management Scheduled Action for a Subscription.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_subscription_cost_management_scheduled_action" "example" {
  name         = "examplescheduledaction"
  display_name = "Report Last 6 Months"

  subscription_id = "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  view_name       = "OverviewLast6Months"

  email_address_sender = "platformteam@test.com"
  email_subject        = "Cost Management Report"
  email_addresses      = ["example@example.com"]
  message              = "Hi all, take a look at last 6 months spending!"

  frequency  = "Daily"
  start_date = "2023-01-02T00:00:00Z"
  end_date   = "2023-02-02T00:00:00Z"
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `display_name` - (Required) User visible input name of the Cost Management Scheduled Action.

* `email_address_sender` - (Required) Email address of the point of contact that should get the unsubscribe requests of Scheduled Action notification emails.

> * `email_addresses` - (Required) Specifies a list of email addresses to receive the Scheduled Action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `email_addresses` - (Required) Specifies a list of email addresses that will receive the Scheduled Action.
```
